I think the most important things that will shape my future of what is
what people think of me. Was I good, Officer? Uh, did I help people
out on? Was that perceived across ranks? But from subordinates to superiors?
If you're good at that, then you are. You gain. Ah, lot of
a lot of fans. Um, you know, you can think about Dale Carnegie in his
book How to win Friends and influence people. Oftentimes, if you're
just a good person friendly and you engage people at their level,
that will take you a long way to getting where you want to go. Might
not take you all the way there. There are other things you definitely
have to do. But if you have people rooting for you, uh, that's oftentimes
half the battle.